c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\WcfEmpleados.dll.config
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\WcfEmpleados.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\WcfEmpleados.pdb
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.xml
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\obj\Debug\WcfEmpleados.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\obj\Debug\WcfEmpleados.dll
c:\users\ericame\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfEmpleados\WcfEmpleados\obj\Debug\WcfEmpleados.pdb
